# Bot Email Checker
This code is a Python script that uses the imaplib library to connect to a Gmail account, search for unread emails, and send notifications of those emails to a specified Telegram chat.

The script starts by defining some variables such as the email address, password, chat ID of the Telegram chat, and frequency at which to check for new emails. It also sets up the Updater and dispatcher for the Telegram bot using the provided bot token.

The script includes several functions that handle different commands for the Telegram bot. The start function starts the process of checking for new emails, while the stop function stops the process. The check_for_new_emails function is called at the specified frequency and is responsible for connecting to the email account, searching for unread emails, extracting their details, and sending notifications to the Telegram chat. Finally, the script uses the run_repeating method of the job_queue to schedule the check_for_new_emails function to run at the specified frequency.

To use this script, you will need to provide your own email address, password, chat ID, and bot token. You will also need to install the required libraries (imaplib, telegram, and email).

## Installation
You need to have or install python3:
```
https://www.python.org/downloads/
```
## Usage
Install this library
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Modify this python variables: 
```
EMAIL_ADDRESS: Email Address of your email.
EMAIL_PASSWORD: Password generated by google in the settings.
BOT_TOKEN: Token of your bot.
CHAT_ID: is the id of your chatroom with the bot on telegram.
```


And execute the python file: 
```
python3 main.py
```
The script includes several commands that can be used with the Telegram bot:
```
/start: starts the process of checking for new emails
/stop: stops the process of checking for new emails
```